I think the big advantage that Amazon has, it's when it comes to fast delivery, I think they're known for that. And it's what people are looking forward to. I mean, a lot of people, when you talk about Amazon, how convenient it is to get something fast. And I think that's why it's also like having such a big negative impact on retail stores, because they're able to actually get stuff to you fast, which is obviously a bonus for everyone who wants to order stuff online. I think the biggest thing is what I said. It's like how fast it is. Obviously with Prime, you can even have like, even for something almost same day delivery. So that's kind of like crazy to think about. That's like a big advantage everything having like fast delivery and I think it's never like more than almost like three days So that's such like a big advantage Obviously is also like the small discounts that you get there's obviously a fee at first we still get discounts on Almost everything so if you're like a consistent user like it's always like fun to have those little person discount and I think the last thing is to have access also to prime video and prime music which it's not something probably that most people are considering at first when they get to use Amazon Prime, but it's always something that is fun to have and whenever you have it, it's something that you realize you use it more than you expected to. I think with the combination of everything that comes with Prime, I think that's what's the biggest advantage is having like all those benefits like together, because maybe there's other like competitors for some of those segments that would be maybe that like I would choose if not, but because all of them are like packaged together and you have access to all of them and it becomes super attractive to have like fast delivery, all this like music and everything. So that's always fun to have everything together. And I think that's what makes it work even better. I like order something a few months ago something like some cable for a TV something specific and for some reason it never like got delivered and it just got like I don't know if it got lost but it kind of like kept always moving saying it's coming it's coming the day got pushed back and after like a few day which was over like Amazon Prime like usual time I just like send a message and answer like in the same hour. And then after that, like I think two, three days later, they actually send it back the right thing. So that was fine. I mean, it made it more, it made it more like a, it felt like they actually cared if you got what you ordered. So that was fun to do. Well, I think one, I think it's like an A, because obviously, there's the problem at first. So that makes it that if we have to deal with that problem, it's not optimal. But whenever I brought up the issue, I mean, they were fast to fix it. And it was fast to get what I like, ordered. So I think the management of the problem was really good. It's more like that we got to that problem. That's a little bit more annoying. But overall, I think it's at least a solid eight out of 10. I don't remember exactly how I learned about it. I think it's just when it became more mainstream, like about, I don't know, like seven, eight years ago when people started to like to buy some stuff on Amazon. Prime, it was like a little bit more recently. I think it's when I got to college, like four or five years ago, that I started using it because as a student, it was really practical. And how often it comes up in conversation, it probably comes up more because I feel like even older people, like our parents and stuff are starting to get more like, drifting towards that system. So I don't, it's not something that comes up daily. But I mean, there's at least a mention of it, like probably like every week, there's something related to it. And now it's obviously so big with everything they have that it's hard not to like Amazon. I think the fact that there's so much on point with their service and everything makes it that you want to stay more because I mean, obviously, this company has great product, but not great services. So that's kind of what you want to stay away from them. But I think Amazon being like, what they have and everything and how they handle everything, I think it just makes you want to use them even more and they're expanding all the time. So it just makes it even more easy to use. I think Amazon has particular categories that they excel, especially household items or items that you can buy at any store. Just it is more convenient. So I think having it all in one spot is super helpful for shoppers, especially to do it online. My most recent instance is when I ordered a package from Amazon and there was a challenge that the product did not arrive, but it said it had delivered. So I went onto Amazon's website and answered a couple simple questions and had simple steps to get a replacement with no questioning, and I left very satisfied with the resolution. I would say three benefits and more qualities is the simplicity, efficiency, and trustworthiness of Amazon. Even with the issue that I experienced, they handled it as well as they could. So in that case, it does influence my loyalty to the platform. Everyone I speak with about Amazon, I would say about weekly everyone that has experienced anything with Amazon is usually positive, and it just continues to build my loyalty to the brand because of all the benefits, qualities that it has, but also just the amount of things that Amazon has to offer. I think that what most people like about Amazon is that you can shop pretty much anything you wish from that same website. Like there's an infinite amount of products that you can find. They also have different deals, so you can check out those. You don't need to go to one website and buy shoes. You don't need to go to another one to buy your T-shirt. If you wish. You can buy it all from there. For the most part, they always have very competitive prices. I think that when you go to a shoe page, unless it is a brand and they have an amazing deal. For the most part, Amazon is the cheapest place to buy it and it's also extremely reliable. Like you know where you're buying it from. Their customer service is on point the very few times that I've had issues with them, they've always returned refunded money or send me another product for the same thing. So I really like that. And I think the reviews are also very trustworthy. Well, as I said, well one of the things I like I'm a I've had student discount. So that's something that I really appreciate about it. I like how easy it is to navigate how you can break it down by section because often you might be looking into oh, I want something for my garden, but I don't necessarily know what I want are the things that I can get and it can give you suggestions. It can tell you who is buying what was the most successful product so I really like that. And then I also like the deals that they change. I don't know if it's daily or weekly. Yeah, so the issue that I had is that I had ordered something I don't exactly remember what and it was either missing a piece or it was kind of broken. So I kind of went in there, did a review and told them that something was wrong with the item. They replied to me immediately and they were very good about whether I wanted a refund or I wanted the same product or what that was so the process of submitting that request was very easy. And then the way they responded was very easy, which I don't mind like people can make mistakes but that's the part that I enjoyed the most like they were very willing to take accountability for it. So I mean, I feel like whenever you're trying to buy something online, people always suggest Amazon. And that's because of a number of reasons like the price, the competitiveness of their products is number one, and how trustworthy they are. And then I don't know that those conversations lead me to loyalty to the brand. But I think how many times I've heard people say, Oh, I had this issue, but they were able to solve it and they were quick and they offered me money or they sent me that product. Like that really makes me trust the brand, which I think that trust is what leads me to that loyalty. And that wanting to come to the brand and order more stuff from it. 